Update / create keyboard support topics (#2002)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Popup/20 Keyboard Support.md

An end user can use the following keys to interact with the UI component.

<table class="dx-table">
    <tr>
        <th>Key</th>
        <th>Action</th>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td>&uarr; &rarr; &darr; &larr;</td>

>         <td>Drags the popup when it is focused and drag is enabled.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>Drags the popup when it is focused and <a href="/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxPopup/Configuration/#dragEnabled">dragEnabled</a> is <b>true</b>.</td>
```
